---
layout: post
title: '40篇短文搞定3500个单词'
date: 2022-07-21
author: 郑之杰
cover: ''
tags: 英语
---

> Learning 3,500 words from 40 short articles.

- [课程网站](https://www.yingyutu.com/forty)


1. <font color=Red>Misspelling</font>：The word is caught with the wrong spelling.
2. <font color=Blue>Wrongword</font>：Didn't catch the right word.
3. <font color=Green>Wrongtense</font>：The word is caught with the wrong tense.


# 1. Fall in love with English

<font color=Red>Hiding</font> behind the <font color=Blue>loose dusty curtain</font>, a <font color=Red>teenager</font> packed up his <font color=Red>overcoat</font> into the suitcase.
He planned to leave home at dusk, though there was <font color=Green>thunder</font> and lightning outdoors.
He had got to do this, because he was tired of his parent<font color=Green>'s</font> <font color=Blue>nagging</font> about his English study, and did not want to go through it any longer.
He couldn't get along well with English, and disliked joining in English classes because he thought his teacher ignore<font color=Green>d</font> him on purpose.
As a result, his score in each exam never added up to over sixty.
His <font color=Red>partner</font> was concerned about him very much.
She understood exactly what he was suffering from, but <font color=Red>entirely</font> disagreed with <font color=Blue>his</font> idea.
In order to calm him down and sattle his problem, she talked with him face to face, and <font color=Red>swapped</font> <font color=Blue>a</font> series of learning tips with him.
The items she set <font color=Blue>down</font> <font color=Blue>helped</font> him find <font color=Blue>the</font> highway to study<font color=Green>ing</font> English well.
The <font color=Red>teenager</font> was greatful and got great power from his friend's words.
Now, he has recovered from being upset, and has fall<font color=Green>en</font> in love with English.

- curtain (英/ˈkɜːtn/ 美/ˈkɜːrtn/): n. 窗帘, *eg:* Hiding behind the loose dusty curtain
- nag (/ˈnæɡ/): v. 唠叨, *eg:* because he was tired of his parent's nagging about his English study
- swap (英/swɒp/ 美/swɑːp/): v. 交换, *eg:* and swapped a series of learning tips with him
- find the highway to doing *sth*.: 找到做某事的最佳捷径, *eg:* The items she set down helped him find the highway to studying English well.

# 2. Different Countries have Different kinds of Englishes

Voyages of people from England play an important part in <font color=Red>spreading</font> the English language.
At present, English is frequently spoken as an official or common language in many countries,
such as America, Singapore, <font color=Red>Malaysia</font>, and some <font color=Green>A</font>frican countries.
All based on british English, the English spoken in these contries can be well understood by native speakers.
But actually, these Englishes have been gradually changing in accent, spellings, expressions, and the usage of <font color=Red>vocabulary</font>.
Because of this fact, you can make use of the differences to tell which country the <font color=Red>foreigners</font> of your block <font color=Blue>are</font> from.
For example, if the boss fluently commands <font color=Green>his</font> driver, come up straight to my <font color=Green>a</font>partment by elevator, and take some gas <font color=Green>for</font> my <font color=Blue>trucks</font> and <font color=Blue>cabs</font>,
instead of requesting, please come to my flat by lift, and take some <font color=Blue>petrol</font> for my <font color=Blue>lorries</font> and taxis.
You can recognize <font color=Green>his</font> American identity, while the latter suggests that he is British.

(公寓、电梯、汽油、卡车、出租车)的差异表达：
- 美：come up straight to my apartment by elevator, and take some gas for my trucks and cabs
- 英：please come to my flat by lift, and take some petrol for my lorries and taxis

# 3. A Hard Trip

My sister was fond of travel<font color=Green>ing</font>.
Ever since graduating, she <font color=Blue>had been</font> <font color=Red>determined</font> to organize a trip to an old temple.
Since transporting <font color=Blue>fare</font> was expensive, she decided to use a bicycle to cycle there, not caring about the dis<font color=Red>ad</font>vantages.
Her <font color=Blue>stubborn</font> attitude was always her shortcoming.
Once she made up her mind to do something, no one could persuade her to change her mind.
Finally, we g<font color=Green>a</font>ve in as usual, <font color=Blue>though we</font> perfe<font color=Green>r</font>red to take a train.
After we prepared everything, including the schedule, relaible weather forecast, and <font color=Red>insurance</font>, we began our trip.
Our journey was <font color=Blue>along a</font> river flowing from the high altitu<font color=red>d</font>e.
Our pace was slow because the river frequently had many sharp <font color=Blue>bends</font> through deep valleys, while the <font color=Blue>water</font> seemed to <font color=Blue>boil</font>.
Just as I recorded in my journal, it was <font color=Green>really a</font> hard journey, but we also enjoyed great <font color=Blue>views</font>.
One night, I put my head on my pillow, a <font color=Blue>parcel</font> of <font color=Blue>wool</font> coats, and lay beneath the stars.
When the flame in front of our cave <font color=Blue>went</font> out at midnight, I found the sky so beautiful.

- fare (英/feə(r)/ 美/fer/): n. 票价, *eg:* Since transporting fare was expensive
- stubborn (英/ˈstʌbən/ 美/ˈstʌbərn/): adj. 固执的, *eg:* Her stubborn attitude was always her shortcoming
- bend (/bend/): n. (尤指道路或河流的)拐弯, *eg:* the river frequently had many sharp bends through deep valleys
- parcel (英/ˈpɑːsl/ 美/ˈpɑːrsl/): n. 包裹, *eg:* a parcel of wool coats

# 4. A Horrible Earthquake

Dirty water <font color=Red>rose in</font> wells and <font color=blue>canals</font> before the earthquake.
But no one judged that <font color=green>an</font> earthquake was coming.
Suddenly, everything <font color=Red>shook</font>.
It seemed <font color=blue>as if</font> the world was at an end.
Millions of brick houses and <font color=green>a</font> number of <font color=blue>dams</font> were dist<font color=Red>ro</font>yed.
Railway tracks became useless bars.
Pipes in <font color=blue>mines</font> burst and let out smelly steam.
Huge cracks trap<font color=green>ped</font> cyclists everywhere.
The next day this event was the headline or main title of all newspapers.
With the reporters giv<font color=green>ing</font> an outline of the <font color=Red>disaster</font>, the whole nation was shocked by the damage and victim's extrame suffering.
People were moved when they read <font color=green>that</font> the surviv<font color=red>o</font>rs <font color=blue>comforted</font> each other by saying '<font color=Red>Congratulations</font>! You survived.'
So they not only expressed their <font color=blue>sympathy</font> sincerely, but also organized together to help the victims right away.
The injured were <font color=Red>rescued</font> and the dead were <font color=Red>buried</font>.
The <font color=blue>frightened</font> surviv<font color=red>o</font>rs were dug out from under the ruins, and were offered shelter, fresh water and electricity.
Thanks to people's help, the loss was minimized.

- canal (/kəˈnæl/): n. 运河, *eg:* Dirty water rose in wells and canals before the earthquake.
- dam (/dæm/): n. 水坝, *eg:* Millions of brick houses and a number of dams were distroyed.
- comfort (/ˈkʌmfət/): v. 安慰, *eg:* the survivors comforted each other
- sympathy (/ˈsɪmpəθi/): n. 同情, *eg:* they not only expressed their sympathy sincerely

# 5. The Great Pres<font color=Red>i</font>dent

As the f<font color=Red>o</font>under of the Republic, the president had many good qualities.
Before coming to power, he was a <font color=blue>generous</font> law<font color=Red>y</font>er.
He was w<font color=green>i</font>lling to selflessly help everyone who turned to him.
He accepted no fee to offer legel guidences and opinions to those who <font color=green>were</font> out of work or uneducated.
Latter, believing all mankind to be equal, he devoted himself to stopping the unfair anti-black laws.
He set up the black <font color=blue>youth</font> league and was voted to be the leader.
However, though he <font color=blue>kept</font> peaceful principles without violence and terro<font color=Red>r</font>, his mean <font color=Red>enemies</font> still bl<font color=green>e</font>w up his house and attacked his relatives,
and he himself couldn't escape being sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Not fearing of the <font color=blue>prison guards' cruelty</font>, he kept active and begged no mercy from them.
As a metter of fact, he was always hopeful and never lost heart during the stage even though he was in trouble.
Finally, people rewarded him with the leader's <font color=blue>position</font> and <font color=green>a</font> gold blanket.

- cruelty (/ˈkruːəlti/): n. 残忍, *eg:* Not fearing of the prison guards' cruelty

# 6. A <font color=Red>Brave</font> Maid

A wooden <font color=blue>vase</font> from the Ming dynesty at the entr<font color=Red>a</font>nce of the <font color=blue>reception</font> hall amazed everyone.
The artists designed it in <font color=green>a</font> rare style and selected valuable <font color=blue>jewels</font> to decorate it.
People thought highly of its fancy color of honey and the beautiful paintings on it.
The <font color=blue>vase</font> used to belong to <font color=green>a</font> former castle, but when the country was at war, the enemy troops exploded the castle.
<font color=blue>Debates</font> on how the <font color=blue>vase</font> survived <font color=blue>went</font> on and on.
In order to remove people<font color=green>'s</font> <font color=blue>doubt</font>, a team of no less than 20 people carried out an <font color=Red>informer</font> investigation.
The evidences they found showed that <font color=green>a</font> maid took the <font color=blue>vase</font> apart and asked a <font color=Red>sailor</font> to sink <font color=green>it in</font> a local well.
She never gave away <font color=green>the</font> secret, even under the cruel <font color=Red>trial</font> of the enemies, who were in search of treasures.
It is worth giving this brave maid a <font color=Red>fortune</font> in return.

- vase (英/vɑːz/ 美/veɪs/): n. 花瓶, *eg:* A wooden vase from the Ming dynesty
- reception (/rɪˈsepʃn/): n. 接待, *eg:* at the entrance of the reception hall
- jewel (/ˈdʒuːəl/): n. 珠宝, *eg:* selected valuable jewels to decorate it
- troop (/truːp/): n. 部队, *eg:* the enemy troops exploded the castle
- debate (/dɪˈbeɪt/): n. 辩论, *eg:* Debates on how the vase survived went on and on
- trial (/ˈtraɪəl/): n. 审讯, *eg:* even under the cruel trial of the enemies
- fortune (英/ˈfɔːtʃuːn/ 美/ˈfɔːrtʃən/): n. 财富, *eg:* It is worth giving this brave maid a fortune in return.

# 7. A Fair Competition

Swifter, higher and stronger, stands for the spirit of Olympics.
But fairness is the basis of this <font color=blue>motto</font>.
Only when you win fairly, will you and your homeland deserve the great glory.
But nowadays, unlike the ancient <font color=red>honest</font> <font color=blue>slave</font> competitors, some hopeless <font color=blue>athletes</font>, who can't <font color=red>bear</font> the pain of training, cheat when taking part in games.
<font color=blue>Medals</font> seem to have magic<font color=green>al</font> powers <font color=red>causing</font> them to cheat, and the price money has replace<font color=green>d</font> the <font color=blue>motto</font> as <font color=green>their</font> only goal.
So in the <font color=blue>gymnastics</font> event to be held in our city next month, 
one of the <font color=blue>host</font>'s respons<font color=green>i</font>bilities is to keep competitions fair.
They adverti<font color=green>sed</font> on posters outside the <font color=blue>stadium</font> to promi<font color=green>s</font>e that every competitor is to have <font color=green>a</font> regular physical examination in <font color=green>a</font> <font color=blue>gymnasium</font> one <font color=blue>after another</font>.
No one can <font color=red>bargain</font> on this.
The volunteers in charge will be very strict.
It is foolish to cheat because they <font color=green>will</font> not be admitted to <font color=blue>compete</font> and <font color=green>will</font> even be fine<font color=green>d</font> as well.

- motto (英/ˈmɒtəʊ/ 美/ˈmɑːtoʊ/): n. 格言, *eg:* fairness is the basis of this motto
- athlete (/ˈæθliːt/): n. 运动员, *eg:* some hopeless athletes
- medal (/ˈmedl/): n. 奖章, *eg:* Medals seem to have magical powers causing them to cheat
- gymnastics (/dʒɪmˈnæstɪks/): n. 体操, *eg:* the gymnastics event to be held in our city
- stadium (/ˈsteɪdiəm/): n. 体育场, *eg:* They advertised on posters outside the stadium
- gymnasium (/dʒɪmˈneɪziəm/): n. 体育馆 (同gym), *eg:* have a regular physical examination in a gymnasium

# 8. Computers

The goal of early calculating machines was to simplify difficult sums.
But with the help of new technology, electronic chips replaced <font color=blue>tubes</font> and <font color=green>a</font> revolution of artific<font color=red>i</font>al intelligence has <font color=blue>arisen</font>.
From then on, the appearance of computers totally changed our lives.
They can not only download the information from the net when connected by the network or mobile phone signals, but also solve different types of logical problems.
With <font color=blue>operators</font> as their coaches, they can even control rockets to explore the moon, and instruct <font color=blue>androids</font> with the human race's characters to <font color=blue>mop floors</font> and watch over your <font color=red>naughty</font> <font color=blue>niece</font>.
Anyhow, computers are so helpful <font color=green>that</font> they do bring happiness.
However, computers are easily attacked by viruses.
This <font color=blue>reality</font> has become a hard-to-deal-with-problem.
As a result, computers are dangerous in a way.
So personally, I worry about <font color=green>their</font> universal applications in some fields, such as finance.

- tube (英/tjuːb/ 美/tuːb/): n. 电子管, *eg:* electronic chips replace tubes
- android (/ˈændrɔɪd/): n. 机器人, *eg:* instruct androids with the human race's characters
- mop (英/mɒp/ 美/mɑːp/): v. 用(拖把或布)擦干, *eg:* mop floors
- niece (/niːs/): n. 侄女,外甥女, *eg:* watch over your naughty niece

# 9. Wildlife Protection

<font color=red>Dinosaurs</font> died out because of <font color=blue>an un</font>expected incident.
But wildlife today disappear<font color=green>s</font> or is in danger just because human do harm to it.
For example, tigers are hunted for fur to make carpets, so that they can only live in secure reserves.
Grassland is distroyed without mercy, so that <font color=blue>dust storms</font> come into being <font color=blue>affecting distant</font> cit<font color=green>ies</font>.
Last year, scientists saw some monkeys <font color=blue>rubbing</font> themselves with the certain kind of insects to protect themselves from <font color=blue>fierce</font> <font color=red>mosquitoes</font> <font color=red>biting</font>.
According to the result of the <font color=blue>inspection</font>, they found that insect contains a powerful drug.
So local farmers were employed to catch the insects.
The ending was that the insect disappeared from the whole <font color=blue>zone</font>.
When told that it was a los<font color=green>s</font> to humans, the farmer<font color=green>s</font> burst into laughter and responded, ``our real loss is our decreasing income.''
We should appreciate the natural balance, and pay more attention to the importance of wildlife pretection.
Not <font color=blue>until</font> we succeed <font color=blue>in</font> letting wildlife live in peace, can we smile in <font color=blue>relief</font>.

- dinosaur (英/ˈdaɪnəsɔː(r)/ 美/ˈdaɪnəsɔːr/): n. 恐龙, *eg:* Dinosaurs died out because of an unexpected incident
- carpet (英/ˈkɑːpɪt/ 美/ˈkɑːrpɪt/): n. 地毯, *eg:* tigers are hunted for fur to make carpets
- rub (/rʌb/): v. 摩擦, *eg:* some monkeys rubbing themselves with the certain kind of insects
- fierce (/fɪəs/): adj. 凶猛的, *eg:* protect themselves from fierce mosquitoes (mosquito 英/məˈskiːtəʊ/ 美/məˈskiːtoʊ/) biting
- inspection (/ɪnˈspekʃn/): n. 检验, *eg:* According to the result of the inspection

# 10. My First Band

I was very sensitive to music.
Just <font color=blue>dipping</font> into the music books bri<font color=red>ef</font>ly, I could sing or play well.
To be honest, I always dreamt of <font color=blue>becoming</font> a famous <font color=blue>folk actor</font>.
I was so confident that I never decrease<font color=green>d</font> my devotion.
I formed my first band called 'rolling frog'.
At the begin<font color=green>n</font>ing, we relyed on performing <font color=blue>on</font> instrument<font color=green>s</font> in pubs <font color=blue>or</font> to passers<font color=red>-</font>by to earn extra money in cash.
Then we <font color=blue>wore false beards</font> to pretend to be the musicians who<font color=green>m</font> people were famili<font color=green>a</font>r with.
In addition, we attached hum<font color=red>o</font>rous <font color=blue>acts</font> to our performances and played jokes on each other.
Soon, our funny jazz became famous and the inv<font color=red>i</font>tation<font color=green>s</font> to perform for <font color=red>broad</font>cast stations began to come.
Afterwards, we sorted out our att<font color=red>r</font>active music and made a record in the studi<font color=red>o</font>.
A million or so copies were sold and we became <font color=red>millionaires</font>.
It was painful that the band broke up finally, but above all I realized my dream to be a musician.

- dip into: 浏览, *eg:* Just dipping into the music books briefly
- folk (英/fəʊk/ 美/foʊk/): adj. 民间的, *eg:* a famous folk actor
- devotion (英/dɪˈvəʊʃn/ 美/dɪˈvoʊʃn/): n. 热爱, *eg:* I never decreased my devotion
- instrument (/ˈɪnstrəmənt): n. 乐器, *eg:* performing on instruments in pubs
- beard (英/bɪəd/ 美/bɪrd/): n. 胡须, *eg:* we wore false beards

# 11. An Interesting Festival

The <font color=red>agricultural</font> feast takes place after the independence day.
It is not a worldwild cel<font color=red>e</font>bration, only <font color=blue>Christians</font> in <font color=red>Mexico</font> look forward to its arrival <font color=blue>for its</font> religious origin.
Long ago, hum<font color=green>a</font>n's <font color=red>ancestors</font> were bad, they fooled and played tricks on each other, and never kept their word.
So god turned up and <font color=blue>drowned</font> all their crops.
Hum<font color=green>ans</font> <font color=blue>starved</font> day and night, weeping.
In order to gain god's forgiveness, a woman <font color=blue>poet</font> set <font color=blue>off</font> to see god.
She admired god and kept apologizing.
God was moved. With his <font color=red>permission</font>, hum<font color=green>a</font>ns finally had good <font color=blue>harvests</font> again.
So, to <font color=blue>wipe</font> sadness and remind themselves of the <font color=blue>belief</font> in god, people began the festival.
On the festival, people gather in the open air, such as playground <font color=green>or</font> parking lots, and ene<font color=red>r</font>getically have fun with each other all night long as though they were never tired.
When <font color=green>a</font> beauty dressed up in lovely clothing reads poem<font color=green>s</font> in memory of the poet, everyone holds their breath.
Then it is the custom that the <font color=blue>bone</font> of <font color=green>a</font> rooster head is given to her as <font color=blue>an award</font>.
Obviously, the story is not true, but the festival is interesting.

- feast (/fiːst): n. 盛宴, *eg:* The agricultural feast
- Christian (/ˈkrɪstʃən/): n. 基督徒, *eg:* Christians in Mexico
- ancestor (英/ˈænsestə(r)/ 美/ˈænsestər/): n. 祖先, *eg:* human's ancestors were bad
- drown (/draʊn/): v. 淹没, *eg:* god turned up and drowned all their crops
- starve (英/stɑːv/ 美/stɑːrv/): v. 挨饿, *eg:* Humans starved day and night
- set off: 出发, *eg:* a woman poet set off to see god
- harvest (英/ˈhɑːvɪst/ 美/ˈhɑːrvɪstr/): n. 收成, *eg:* humans finally had good harvests again
- parking lot: 停车场, *eg:* such as playground or parking lots
  
# 12. Balanced Diet

Wangpeng earned his living by running a barbe<font color=red>c</font>ue <font color=red>restaurant</font>, which served delicious <font color=blue>bacon</font>, fried chicken breast, and <font color=blue>mutton</font> <font color=blue>roasted</font> with piper and <font color=blue>garlic</font>.
But his food and discount attrac<font color=red>t</font>ed fewer and fewer customers.
Finally, he was in debt.
Yonghui<font color=green>'s</font> slimming <font color=red>restaurant</font> served fresh <font color=blue>peas</font>, carrots, eggplants, and <font color=blue>raw cucumbers</font> with <font color=blue>vinegar</font>.
As the hostes<font color=red>s</font>, she <font color=blue>said</font> fibres benefit<font color=green>ed</font> customers' digestion the most.
In order not to let Yonghui get away with telling lies, 
Wangpeng <font color=red>spied</font> on Yonghui despite her glare.
But he was superised that she was losing her customers, too.
Curiosity drove Wangpeng to consult an expert.
The expert <font color=blue>sighed</font> and said,
``Both of your menus have weakness and limited strength.
Your customers put on weight too easily, while Yonghui's lose weight too quickly.
So Wangpeng, cut down the fat of your food, and increase <font color=red>vegeta</font>bles and fruits, like nuts, <font color=blue>beans</font>, mushrooms, peaches and lemons.
You <font color=blue>ought to</font> combine the two menus and provide a balanced diet. ''
Before long, Wangpeng won his customers back.

- bacon (/ˈbeɪkən/): n. 培根, *eg:* a barbecue restaurant, which served delicious bacon
- mutton (/ˈmʌtn/ 羊肉) roasted (roast 英/rəʊst/ 美/roʊst/ 烤) with piper and garlic (英/ˈɡɑːlɪk/ 美/ˈɡɑːrlɪk/ 大蒜)
- pea (/piː/): n. 豌豆, *eg:* Yonghui's slimming restaurant served fresh peas
- vinegar (英/ˈvɪnɪɡə(r)/ 美/ˈvɪnɪɡər/): n. 醋, *eg:* raw cucumbers with vinegar
- ought to: 应该, *eg:* You ought to combine the two menus

# 13. Sailing Home

This novel was about an unbelievable but <font color=blue>genuine</font> <font color=red>adventure</font>.
Its author was a black business man who was brought up in America.
In 1956, he visited Africa, his birth place.
One day, when he was wandering on the pavement near the <font color=blue>bay</font> enjoying the sea <font color=blue>scenes</font>, he lost his money and passport that he kept in an env<font color=red>e</font>lope.
So he went to the <font color=blue>embassy</font> to seek help.
But the <font color=blue>ambassador</font> with rude manners didn't <font color=blue>promit his staff</font> to help though he <font color=blue>bowed</font> to him.
Staring at his impa<font color=red>tient</font> face, he understood that it was the fault of his <font color=blue>skin</font> colo<font color=green>u</font>r that accounted for their rejection.
So he decided to take a chance to sail on a small boat home.
He met a large <font color=green>a</font>mount of difficulty but was never stopped.
On the contrary, difficulty pushed him to go ahead harder.
Three months later, he was <font color=blue>spotted</font> by a ship by accident.
He was in rags <font color=green>in</font>deed.
A maid even screamed when bringing him a <font color=blue>steak</font> and <font color=red>pine</font>apple <font color=blue>dessert</font>.
Aboard, he earned his passage by working as a barber and got home finally.
As for the name of his novel, he couldn't think of a better one than the <font color=red>phrase</font>, ``go ahead''.

- genuine (/ˈdʒenjuɪn/): adj. 真的, *eg:* an unbelievable but genuine adventure.
- embassy (/ˈembəsi/): n. 大使馆, *eg:* he went to the embassy to seek help
- ambassador (英/æmˈbæsədə(r)/ 美/æmˈbæsədər/): n. 大使, *eg:* the ambassador with rude manners
- bow (英/baʊ , bəʊ/ 美/baʊ , boʊ/): v. 鞠躬, *eg:* he bowed to him
- in rags: 衣衫褴褛, *eg:* He was in rags indeed.
- dessert (英/dɪˈzɜːt/ 美/dɪˈzɜːrt/): n. 甜点, *eg:* a steak and pineapple dessert
- phrase (/freɪz/): n. 短语, *eg:* he couldn't think of a better one than the phrase

# 14. Explore MK-II
MK-II, a planet billions of k<font color=red>i</font>lometers away, is the origin of life in many religions.
Physicists have proved the theory that its gentle <font color=blue>climate</font> and the pull of its gravity are similiar to the earth's.
And <font color=blue>astronomers</font> have found that <font color=blue>oxygen atoms</font> and carbon dioxide which are f<font color=red>u</font>ndamental to life exist in its atmosphere through <font color=blue>satellites</font>.
Cheered up by this news, biologists in their turn began to do some research to remove people's puzzles.
Now that there are some suitable conditions, does life really exist on this globe?
Do they multiply by laying eggs, or giving birth to babies?
Last month, a space ship was sent there.
It's a pity that th<font color=green>is</font> <font color=blue>mission</font> failed.
Unlike the earch, MK-II is a much younger planet.
Thus, masses of harmful acid clouds floa<font color=green>t</font> everywhere, causing <font color=red>viol</font>ent chain reactions to break out.
These clouds not only block<font color=green>ed</font> out the pilot<font color=green>'s'</font> <font color=blue>sight</font>, but also damage<font color=green>d</font> the engine system.
Luckily, the pilots watched out carefully and prevented the spaceship from crashing in time.

- climate (/ˈklaɪmət/): n. 气候, *eg:* its gentle climate and the pull of its gravity are similiar to the earth's
- astronomer (英/əˈstrɒnəmə(r)/ 美/əˈstrɑːnəmər/: n. 天文学家, *eg:* astronomers have found that oxygen (英/ˈɒksɪdʒən/ 美/ˈɑːksɪdʒən/, n. 氧) atoms (/ˈætəm/, n. 原子) and carbon dioxide which are fundamental to life exist in its atmosphere through satellites (/ˈsætəlaɪt/, n. 卫星)
- pilot (/ˈpaɪlət/): n. 飞行员, *eg:* blocked out the pilot's' sight


# 15. A <font color=red>Journey</font> Across Canada

After a qu<font color=red>i</font>z last aut<font color=red>u</font>mn, Kuang crosse<font color=green>d</font> the <font color=blue>continent</font> eastward to toronto to visit his schoolmate,
the distance measuring approximately 5 thousands kilometers.
His train started from <font color=green>Vancouver</font>, a city surrounded by mountains.
After confirming his bag<font color=red>g</font>age <font color=blue>was</font> aboard the train, Kuang settled down <font color=blue>in</font> his seat.
Having a gift for communication, he started chatting with another passager within 5 minutes.
Their topics included the Canadian tranditions, the prime minister, the mixture of races, and the terrif<font color=red>y</font>ing great fall.
After a nice <font color=blue>buffet</font> at noon, he was pleased to find that the scenery was impressive.
He saw beautiful <font color=blue>harbours</font> in the distance, <font color=blue>wealthy urban areas</font>， and maple forest that covered thoustands of <font color=blue>acres</font>.
He even managed to catch sight of an eagle flying upward <font color=blue>over</font> bushes.
Kuang reached toronto which lies slightly near the border at a <font color=blue>misty dawn</font>.
There was <font color=blue>frost</font> and the <font color=blue>broad</font> downtown streets were very quiet.
Though it was early, Kuang phoned his schoolmate at <font color=blue>booth</font> nearby at once rather than waiting for him to come.
They had a good time together.

- continent (英/ˈkɒntɪnənt/ 美/ˈkɑːntɪnənt/): n. 大陆, *eg:* Kuang crossed the continent eastward to toronto (英/təˈrɒntəʊ/ 美/təˈrɑːntoʊ/)
- Vancourver (英/vænˈkuːvə(r)/ 美/vænˈkuːvər/): 温哥华
- buffet (英/ˈbʌfeɪ , ˈbʌfɪt/ 美/bəˈfeɪ , ˈbʌfɪt/): n. 自助餐, *eg:* After a nice buffet at noon
- harbour (英/ˈhɑːbə(r)/ 美/ˈhɑːrbər/): n. 港口, *eg:* He saw beautiful harbours in the distance
- acre (英/ˈeɪkə(r)/ 美/ˈeɪkər/): n. 英亩, *eg:* maple forest that covered thoustands of acres
- misty (/ˈmɪsti/): adj. 多雾的, *eg:* Kuang reached toronto wich lies slightly near the border at a misty dawn
- frost (英/frɒst/ 美/frɔːst/): n. 霜, *eg:*  There was frost and the broad downtown streets were very quiet
- booth (英/buːð/ 美/buːθ/): n. 电话亭, *eg:*  Kuang phoned his schoolmate at booth

# 16. A Woman Doctor - Lina

Born in <font color=green>a</font> <font color=blue>pigs'</font> nest, Lina led a poor life in her childhood.
She was looked down upon by the children of her generation, but she intended to be<font color=blue>come</font> a doctor after she came across Lin Qiaozhi by chance who was delivering medical courses to <font color=green>an</font> audience crowding around her.
Before moving off, Lin inspired her to carry on her study.
With Lin's support, Lina entered <font color=blue>an</font> institude and studied hard <font color=blue>sparing</font> no time for entert<font color=red>a</font>inment.
Her being outspoken <font color=blue>and modest won</font> respect for her.
Her excellent arguing skills and observation ability put others into the <font color=blue>shade</font>.
Now, Lina has boc<font color=green>o</font>me a speci<font color=red>a</font>list in human beings' <font color=red>emergency</font> <font color=blue>sickness</font>.
Her kindness and considera<font color=red>te</font> behavior to the poor were well-known.
The organization she founded carried out <font color=blue>campaigns</font> and <font color=blue>welfare</font> projects to help cut the death rate for the poor.
Her job was hard but worth<font color=red>while</font>.
She often refers to <font color=blue>the</font> connection between her achievement and Lin Qiaozhi, and says that her poor childhood is the bond between her and the poor.

- spare (英/speə(r)/ 美/sper/): v. 留出, *eg:*  studied hard sparing no time for entertainment
- modest (英/ˈmɒdɪst/ 美/ˈmɑːdɪst/): adj. 谦逊的, *eg:*  Her being outspoken and modest won respect for her
- welfare (英/ˈwelfeə(r)/ 美/ˈwelfer/): n. 福利, *eg:*  carried out campaigns and welfare projects

# 17. A New Farming Way

Tuan was a farmer in <font color=blue>Vietnam</font>.
For decades, he had been struggling to rid his family of hunger.
However, it always confused him how to expand the output of his crops.
This disturbing problem led to his regretting being a farmer.
He would rather have chosen another job.
One day, when <font color=blue>skimming</font> through a newspaper, Tuan read a comment on Yuan Longping.
He underlined Yuan's nationality and occup<font color=red>a</font>tion,
and then focused on his discovery and the statistics of his research.
He found the knowledge <font color=blue>Yuan</font> c<font color=red>i</font>rculated very pratical.
Therefore, he made a summ<font color=red>a</font>ry and began to build up a new farming method.
He planted super grain of rich <font color=blue>nutrition</font> and equipped himself to keep his crops <font color=blue>roots</font> free from <font color=blue>bacteria</font> and pests.
He also enriched <font color=blue>minerals in the</font> soil while reducing chemical fert<font color=red>i</font>lizers.
Though it cost him more time and freedom, he was full of hope.
The next year, Tuan was sunburn<font color=green>t</font>, but satisfied with <font color=green>his</font> production very much.
Thanks to Yuan Longping, <font color=blue>he</font> not only <font color=blue>won</font> <font color=blue>the</font> battle against hunger, but he could also <font color=blue>export</font> his crops abroad.

- Vitenam (英/ˌvjɛtˈnɑːm/ 美/viˌɛtˈnɑm/): 越南
- skim (/skɪm/): v. 浏览, *eg:*  skimming through a newspaper
- circulate (英/ˈsɜːkjəleɪt/ 美/ˈsɜːrkjəleɪt/): v. 传播, *eg:*  He found the knowledge Yuan circulated very pratical
- nutrition (英/njuˈtrɪʃn/ 美/nuˈtrɪʃn/): n. 营养, *eg:*  He planted super grain of rich nutrition
- bacterium (英/bækˈtɪərɪəm/ 美/bækˈtɪriəm/): n. 细菌 (复数 bacteria 英/bækˈtɪəriə/ 美/bækˈtɪriə/), *eg:*  keep his crops roots free from bacteria and pests
- mineral (/ˈmɪnərəl/): n. 矿物质, *eg:*  He also enriched minerals in the soil

# 18. <font color=red>Chaplin</font>, A Great Master of Humor

<font color=red>Chaplin</font> was an extra<font color=red>or</font>dinary performer, who <font color=blue>starred</font> in and directed many outstanding comedies.
Few <font color=blue>were</font> bored watching his <font color=blue>moustache</font>, his <font color=blue>gestures</font> <font color=blue>or his</font> entertaining reactions when chased by detectives.
<font color=blue>Being</font> drunk, <font color=blue>sliding</font> on <font color=green>a</font> banana skin, or whisp<font color=red>er</font>ing his own <font color=blue>failures</font> to nobody.
He made us feel more content with our life without any verbal explanation.
His particular sense of humor has astonished everybody throughout the world up to now.
In a small budget film, he played a badly-off and homeless person wearing a wornout shoes and messy cloth<font color=green>es</font>.
On one occa<font color=red>s</font>ion, he was trapped by a snow storm <font color=blue>in a</font> vest mountain<font color=blue>ous</font> area.
Though he overcame many difficulties, he was't fortunate enough.
With all the <font color=blue>porridge</font> eaten up, he picked out <font color=green>a</font> shoe and boiled it to eat.
He cut off the leather bottom and chewed it like an pancake.
According to an actress, his acting was so convincing and amusing, that everybody couldn't help bursting into laughter.

- Chaplin (英/ˈtʃæplɪn/ 美/ˈtʃæplən/): 卓别林
- moustache (英/məˈstɑːʃ/ 美/ˈmʌstæʃ/): n. 胡子, *eg:*  Few were bored watching his moustache
- whisper (英/ˈwɪspə(r)/ 美/ˈwɪspər/): v. 低语, *eg:*  whispering his own failures to nobody
- verbal (英/ˈvɜːbl/ 美/ˈvɜːrbl/): adj. 口头的, *eg:*  without any verbal explanation.
- astonish (英/əˈstɒnɪʃ/ 美/əˈstɑːnɪʃ/): v. 使惊讶, *eg:*  His particular sense of humor has astonished everybody
- badly-off : 贫穷的, *eg:*  he played a badly-off and homeless person
- porridge (英/ˈpɒrɪdʒ/ 美/ˈpɔːrɪdʒ/): n. 粥, *eg:*  With all the porridge eaten up
- can't help doing sth.: 不禁, *eg:*  everybody couldn't help bursting into laughter

# 19. A Misunderstanding

In general, spoken statements are the major way of communication, but body language and facial expressions also have such kinds of function.
For example, yaw<font color=red>n</font>ing means being not interested, and turning one's back to someone or swinging your fist shows your anger.
But what those gestures really mean is subjective in different cultures.
Thus, misunderstandings happen now and then in today's world of cultural crossroads.
Once, representing the adults' education association, I went to the airport to meet an official of high rank from Columbia and take him to his <font color=red>dormitory</font> and then to the canteen.
After the flight arrived, I saw a man looking around curiously, so I approached to greet him.
He suddenly dashed to hug me and kissed me on both <font color=blue>cheeks</font>.
As a young girl, I felt truly emba<font color=red>r</font>rassed and put up my hands to defend myself.
His <font color=blue>false</font> smile told me that he had lost face.
Later, I received a <font color=blue>cassette</font> from him in which he recorded his apology.
On hearing that Colubians were more likely to kiss others, I soon felt at ease.

- yawn (/jɔːn/): v. 打哈欠, *eg:*  yawning means being not interested
- dormitory (英/ˈdɔːmətri/ 美/ˈdɔːrmətɔːri/): n. 宿舍, *eg:*  take him to his dormitory
- cheek (/tʃiːk/): n. 面颊, *eg:*  kissed me on both cheeks
- cassette (/kəˈset/): n. 磁带, *eg:*  I received a cassette from him in which he recorded his apology

# 20. A Unique Them<font color=red>e</font> Park

As soon as our shuttle got close to the them<font color=red>e</font> park by the freeway, everyone came to life, and put on <font color=blue>cloth sneakers</font> in advance for <font color=blue>an outing</font>.
Our translator paid for the admission, and we started enjoying the various attractions in the sunlight.
According to the travel <font color=blue>brochure</font>, this unique park is famous for its well p<font color=red>re</font>served <font color=blue>minority</font> culture.
We experienced many <font color=blue>deeds</font> of the early s<font color=red>e</font>ttlers, such as <font color=blue>swinging across</font> rivers, hunting creatures in the jungle, or taking part in <font color=blue>swords</font> fighting <font color=blue>tournaments</font>.
This park is also famous for its <font color=blue>wooden</font> <font color=red>souvenirs</font>.
<font color=blue>Which</font>ever we bought in the central shop <font color=green>was</font> made of wood,
and wherever we went we could see <font color=blue>minority</font> carpenters working.
They made wooden <font color=blue>tools</font>, wooden cartoon figures, wooden <font color=blue>athletic</font> products and so on.
They even built a huge wooden engine with a length of 20 meters, which was modeled after a real one.
This them<font color=red>e</font> park is really a fantasy amusement park.
No wonder it has bec<font color=green>o</font>me the brand of the local tourism.

- shuttle (/ˈʃʌtl/): n. 班车, *eg:*  As soon as our shuttle got close to the theme park by the freeway
- sneaker (英/ˈsniːkə(r)/ 美/ˈsniːkər/): n. 运动鞋, *eg:*  put on cloth sneakers in advance for an outing
- brochure (英/ˈbrəʊʃə(r)/ 美/broʊˈʃʊr/): n. 手册, *eg:*  According to the travel brochure
- minority (英/maɪˈnɒrəti/ 美/maɪˈnɔːrəti/): n. 少数民族, *eg:*  this unique park is famous for its well preserved minority culture
- tournament (英/ˈtʊənəmənt/ 美/ˈtʊrnəmənt/): n. 锦标赛, *eg:*  taking part in swords fighting tournaments
- souvenir (英/ˌsuːvəˈnɪə(r)/ 美/ˌsuːvəˈnɪr/): n. 纪念品, *eg:*  This park is also famous for its wooden souvenirs
- carpenter (英/ˈkɑːpəntə(r)/ 美/ˈkɑːrpəntər/): n. 木匠, *eg:*  wherever we went we could see minority carpenters working

# 21. A Str<font color=red>ange</font> Disease

When the construction of the firework factory came to the stage of painting, a pump was put in.
Then all the painters in the neighborhood were defeated by a se<font color=red>vere</font> disease whose characteristic was <font color=blue>alike</font> to that of <font color=green>a</font> bad burn.
An expert <font color=blue>physician</font> was instructed to attend to the victims and haddle this case.
He was <font color=blue>enthusiastic</font> but he didn't foresee that it was a hard chall<font color=red>e</font>nge.
After <font color=blue>simple enquiry</font>, he announced that the polluted paint was to blame.
But without positive evidence, people suspected and rejected his view, saying the theory he put forward ma<font color=green>d</font>e no sense.
Being much more strict with himself, he contributed himself to the case.
Apart from making <font color=blue>enquiries</font>, he made detailed charts and analy<font color=red>s</font>ed the data cau<font color=red>t</font>iously.
Finally, he drew a sci<font color=red>en</font>tific conclusion, linking the disease to the radium in the pump.
Exposed to radium, a kind of radioactive material in the universe,
people absorb<font color=green>ed</font> radiation and got sick immediately.
<font color=blue>Spinning</font> the pump backward, he took away the radium.
The simple movement cured all the victims.

- pump (/pʌmp/): n. 水泵, *eg:*  a pump was put in
- physician (/fɪˈzɪʃn/): n. 内科医生, *eg:*  An expert physician was instructed to attend to the victims
- enquiry (英/ɪnˈkwaɪəri/ 美/ˈɪnkwəri/): n. 调查, *eg:*  After simple enquiry
- radium (/ˈreɪdiəm/): n. 镭, *eg:*  linking the disease to the radium in the pump
- spin (/spɪn/): v. 快速旋转, *eg:*  Spinning the pump backward

# 22. Sightseeing in the United Kingdom

After the wedding, my cousin and his wife went to the united kingdom for nationwide sightseeing.
He faxed a letter to me in English yesterday.
To my delight, he no longer made any tense error, and his description roughly clarified my questions about the UK, its currency, its administr<font color=red>a</font>tion, the institution which devide<font color=green>s</font> <font color=blue>it</font> into four provinces and <font color=green>the</font> historical conflicts and <font color=blue>quarrels</font> when <font color=blue>Southern lreland</font> broke away from the UK.
<font color=blue>Unwilling</font> to leave out any attraction, my cousin arranged his enjoyable journey carefully.
One attractive place he visited was <font color=green>a</font> castle in the countryside of Scotland which lies near a port.
It used to be the <font color=blue>headquarters</font> of <font color=blue>Communism</font> union, but broke down during the war.
Finding nothing could take the place of this <font color=blue>splendid</font> architecture, people accomplished rebuilding it in 1952.
It was to their credit that all furnished rooms are consist<font color=red>e</font>nt what they used to be.
My cousin was thrilled by its collections consisting of <font color=blue>statues</font> plus royal uniforms <font color=blue>folded in</font> glass <font color=blue>tanks</font>.
Though there was no possibility to buy some of these exhibits,
<font color=blue>it</font> was conv<font color=red>en</font>inent to take photos which he sent me along with <font color=green>his</font> fax.

- quarrel (英/ˈkwɒrəl/ 美/ˈkwɑːrəl/): v. 争吵, *eg:*  the historical conflicts and quarrels when Southern Ireland (爱尔兰 英/ˈaɪələnd/ 美/ˈaɪərlənd/) broke away from the UK
- Scotland (英/ˈskɒtlənd/ 美/ˈskɑːtlənd/): 苏格兰
- headquarters (英/ˌhedˈkwɔːtəz/ 美/ˈhedkwɔːrtərz/): n. 总部, *eg:*  It used to be the headquarters of Communism (共产主义 英/ˈkɒmjunɪzəm/ 美/ˈkɑːmjunɪzəm/) union
- splendid (/ˈsplendɪd/): adj. 辉煌的, *eg:*  Finding nothing could take the place of this splendid architecture
- My cousin was thrilled by its collections consisting of statues (雕像 /ˈstætʃuː/) plus royal uniforms folded in glass tanks (箱 /tæŋk/).

# 23. An Air Crash

I was a previous typist in a post office.
Because I could't tolerate typing any more postage bills or postcodes on <font color=green>a</font> typewriter every day, I resigned.
With a greedy motiv<font color=red>a</font>tion of making big money, I took up working as a business representative for the <font color=green>G.E.</font> ecology company, <font color=BLUE>which</font> produced goods by recycling useful materials from our dustbins.
My new job left me good impressions in many aspects, expect that the working timetable was full of traveling by jets.
Once, when speeding up, our jet was <font color=blue>swallowed</font> by a thunderstorm,
which destroyed our GPS receiver, and made us lose sight of directions.
A <font color=blue>constantly</font> <font color=blue>flashing light</font> showed that our jet was in danger.
A <font color=blue>steward</font> ins<font color=red>ta</font>ntly asked us to put on masks and fasten the safety belts, and then pressed the button to switch on the escaping capsule.
It <font color=blue>slid</font> sideways out of the opening at once, and landed in the des<font color=red>e</font>rt area safely.
Lacking food and tablets, we were nervous and uncertain at first, but we all kept optimistic and made good adjustment to the situation.
We swept up the surrounding mud to make our settlement and were back on <font color=blue>our</font> feet soon.
Finally, guided by the smoke of our crashing jet, some local citizens came by carri<font color=red>a</font>ges and saved us.

- postage (英/ˈpəʊstɪdʒ/ 美/ˈpoʊstɪdʒ/): n. 邮费, *eg:*  I could't tolerate typing any more postage bills or postcodes on a typewriter every day
- resign (/rɪˈzaɪn/): v. 辞职, *eg:*  I resigned
- swallow (英/ˈswɒləʊ/ 美/ˈswɑːloʊ/): n. 吞咽, *eg:*  our jet was swallowed by a thunderstorm
- steward (英/ˈstjuːəd/ 美/ˈstuːərd/): n. 乘务员, *eg:*  A steward instantly asked us to put on masks and fasten the safety belts
- slid: slide的过去分词和过去式
- back on one's feet: 重新振作起来, *eg:*  We swept up the surrounding mud to make our settlement and were back on our feet soon.

# 24. An Amateur Journalist

Jane is a housewife, but delighted to work as an amateur journalist.
It is a <font color=blue>dilemma</font> for her to rush between family and work, and it is also unusual for the news department to depend on the amateur to cover crimes.
But Jane is really gifted, it is admirable that she is seldom a<font color=red>c</font>cused of making mistakes.
And eager to become more professional, she con<font color=red>cen</font>trates on her job and updates herself now and then.
Once she is informed of a new case, her normal working process is as follows.
First, she makes appointments with guilty people for interviews.
So as to <font color=blue>ac</font>quire accurate storys, she usually demands to record what they say.
Meahwhile, a techni<font color=red>cal</font>ly good <font color=blue>colleague</font> will <font color=blue>assist her</font> in taking photographs.
Second, she assess<font color=green>es</font> whether they are delib<font color=red>e</font>rately hiding the truth.
If she is skeptical about their words, she will looking to the case herself.
Third, she writes thorough stor<font color=red>ie</font>s ahead of the deadline and submits it to the senior chief editor, who p<font color=red>o</font>lishes and <font color=blue>approves</font> every section.
Finally, her storys will be published in different editions of their magazine.

- dilemma (/dɪˈlemə/): n. 困境, *eg:*  It is a dilemma for her to rush between family and work
- colleague (英/ˈkɒliːɡ/ 美/ˈkɑːliːɡ/): n. 同事, *eg:*  a technically good colleague will assist her in taking photographs
- skeptical (/ˈskeptɪkl/): adj. 怀疑的, *eg:*  she is skeptical about their words

# 25. First Aid

A boy fel<font color=red>l</font> ill.
His organs were damaged by the radiation of <font color=blue>an infrared ray</font> stove.
But before the ambul<font color=red>a</font>nce arrived, a number of other injuries happened to this unlucky boy over and over again.
First, he was choked by some <font color=blue>poisonous</font> liquid from the <font color=blue>kettle</font> on the <font color=blue>cupboard</font>.
Then his <font color=blue>wrist</font> skin was burnt by electric shock.
Finally, his ankle was cut by a pan.
For<font color=red>tu</font>nately, the boy's nurse give him proper tempor<font color=red>ar</font>y treatments accroding to his complex <font color=blue>symptoms</font>.
She mildly squeezed the <font color=blue>poisonous</font> liquid out of his thro<font color=red>a</font>t, and put bandages firmly in place to apply pressure to the ankle wound to stop <font color=blue>bleeding</font>.
As for the burn, she used <font color=blue>scissors</font> to remove his <font color=blue>sleeve</font>, poured <font color=blue>a basin</font> of cold water over the burn to cool it, and put <font color=blue>her</font> hand<font color=green>s</font> on <font color=green>a</font> <font color=blue>damp blouse</font> to cover his <font color=blue>swollen tissue tightly</font>.
She also inspired his br<font color=red>a</font>very to fight against the unbe<font color=red>a</font>rable pain.
Her first aid ma<font color=green>d</font>e a vital difference in saving his life.
A ceremony was held to honor the nurse who overcame a vari<font color=red>e</font>ty of barri<font color=red>er</font>s to save the boy. 

- infrafed (/ˌɪnfrəˈred/): adj. 红外的, *eg:*  His organs were damaged by the radiation of an infrared ray stove.
- he was choked (窒息 英/tʃəʊk/ 美/tʃoʊk/) by some poisonous (有毒的 /ˈpɔɪzənəs/) liquid from the kettle (水壶 /ˈketl/) on the cupboard (橱柜 英/ˈkʌbəd/ 美/ˈkʌbərd/)
- symptom (/ˈsɪmptəm/): n. 症状, *eg:*  the boy's nurse give him proper temporary treatments accroding to his complex symptoms
- bleed (/bliːd/): v. 流血, *eg:*  put bandages firmly in place to apply pressure to the ankle wound to stop bleeding
- As for the burn, she used scissors (剪刀 英/ˈsɪzəz/ 美/ˈsɪzərz/) to remove his sleeve (袖子 /sliːv/), poured a basin (盆 /ˈbeɪsn/) of cold water over the burn to cool it, and put her hands on a damp (潮湿的 /dæmp/) blouse (女式衬衫 英/blaʊz/ 美/blaʊs/) to cover his swollen (肿胀的 英/ˈswəʊlən/ 美/ˈswoʊlən/) tissue (组织 /ˈtɪʃuː/) tightly.
- put one's hands on: 找到
- vital (/ˈvaɪtl/): adj. 至关重要的, *eg:*  Her first aid make a vital difference in saving his life

# 26. Abstract Art

Abstract art used to be <font color=blue>controversial</font>.
On one hand, the artists stopped painting delicate figures, but attempted to adopt special techniques to give people different visual impacts.
On the other hand, their works including <font color=blue>sculptures</font> carved out of <font color=blue>marble</font> or fragi<font color=red>le</font> clay, <font color=blue>were</font> all with a specific <font color=blue>aim</font> of showing feelings.
Some conventi<font color=red>on</font>al scholars <font color=blue>who</font> were <font color=blue>allergic</font> to abstract art said it was evidently r<font color=red>i</font>diculous, are neither art nor geometry.
Their traditional art <font color=blue>committee</font> predicted its soon disappearing.
But nowadays, abstract art has become part of the <font color=blue>permanent possessions</font> of the contemporary civilization.
Galler<font color=red>ie</font>s along the <font color=blue>Madison</font> avenue give scores of superb ex<font color=red>h</font>ibitions on typical abstract <font color=blue>works</font>,
appealing to many who have a preference for abstract art.
The <font color=blue>shadow</font> of <font color=blue>Egypt</font>, a <font color=blue>cafe</font> in this district, has become the home to those aggressive abstract artists.
Consequently, it is not a coincidence for you to meet one of these artists with great reputation in the flash.
They are asked for signatures, and given bunches of <font color=blue>fragrant</font> flowers, plus they're given a great deal of <font color=blue>praise</font> by their <font color=blue>faithful</font> fans.

- controversial (英/ˌkɒntrəˈvɜːʃl/ 美/ˌkɑːntrəˈvɜːrʃl/): adj. 有争议的, *eg:*  Abstract art used to be controversial.
- sculpture (英/ˈskʌlptʃə(r)/ 美/ˈskʌlptʃər/): n. 雕塑, *eg:*  sculptures carved out of marble (大理石 英/ˈmɑːbl/ 美/ˈmɑːrbl/) or fragile clay
- allergic (英/əˈlɜːdʒɪk/ 美/əˈlɜːrdʒɪk/): adj. 对…十分反感, *eg:*  Some conventional scholars who were allergic to abstract art
- committee (/kəˈmɪti/): n. 委员会, *eg:*  traditional art committee
- abstract art has become part of the permanent (permanent 永久的 英/ˈpɜːmənənt/ 美/ˈpɜːrmənənt/) possessions (possession 财产 /pəˈzeʃn/) of the contemporary (contemporary 当代的 英/kənˈtemprəri/ 美/kənˈtempəreri/) civilization
- scores of: 许多, *eg:*  Galleries along the Madison avenue give scores of superb exhibitions on typical abstract works
- fragrant (/ˈfreɪɡrənt/): adj. 芳香的, *eg:*  given bunches of fragrant flowers
- praise (/preɪz/): n. 赞扬, *eg:*  they're given a great deal of praise by their faithful fans

# 27. A Russian Poem

Since childhood, Anton had often recited poems,
<font color=blue>accompanied</font> by pianists and viol<font color=red>i</font>nists at wedding ceremonies before <font color=blue>brides</font> and <font color=blue>bridegrooms</font> exchanged rings.
Gradually, <font color=blue>he found</font> writing poems the most <font color=blue>appropriate</font> way to convey his joy and sorrow.
<font color=blue>When</font> his poem, contr<font color=red>a</font>dictory blank, won him a national championship and a scholarship to <font color=blue>the Moscow</font> university from a sponsor, he was just a<font color=green>n</font> <font color=blue>unknown</font> <font color=blue>librarian</font>.
After getting his <font color=blue>diploma</font>, he devoted his life to writing poems.
Using concrete but flexible language, and the minimum of words is his style.
He tried out different patterns and preferred <font color=blue>nursery</font> <font color=blue>rhyme</font> in particular.
The following is <font color=green>a</font> translation of one of his works made up of three sections:
Little sparrow with heavy load, r<font color=green>a</font>n out of energy and very cold.
No <font color=blue>compass</font> and all sweat salty, can you go through the endless darkness?
Little <font color=blue>balloon</font> let out by the thread, fl<font color=green>e</font>w over <font color=blue>cottages</font> and was very glad.
With warm<font color=blue>th</font> transformed from sunlight, he said he could forever fly.
Take it easy, little <font color=blue>balloon</font>, don't <font color=blue>tease</font> the sparrow with his <font color=blue>wound</font>.
On the <font color=blue>bare</font> branch <font color=blue>and</font> have a rest, this <font color=blue>diamond heart</font> would eventually get success.

- recite (/rɪˈsaɪt/): v. 朗诵, *eg:*  Anton had often recited poems
- accompanied by pianists and violinists (violinist 小提琴手 /ˌvaɪəˈlɪnɪst/) at wedding ceremonies before brides (bride 新娘 /braɪd/) and bridegrooms (bridegroom 新郎 /ˈbraɪdɡruːm/) exchanged rings
- convey (/kənˈveɪ/): v. 传达, *eg:*  he found writing poems the most appropriate way to convey his joy and sorrow
- contradictory (英/ˌkɒntrəˈdɪktəri/ 美/ˌkɑːntrəˈdɪktəri/): adj. 矛盾的, *eg:*  contradictory blank
- librarian (英/laɪˈbreəriən/ 美/laɪˈbreriən/): n. 图书管理员, *eg:*  he was just an unknown librarian
- diploma (英/dɪˈpləʊmə/ 美/dɪˈploʊmə/): n. 文凭, *eg:*  After getting his diploma
- nursery rhyme (英/ˈnɜːsəri raɪm/ 美/ˈnɜːrsəri raɪm/): 童谣, *eg:*  He tried out different patterns and preferred nursery rhyme in particular
- compass (/ˈkʌmpəs/): n. 指南针, *eg:*  No compass and all sweat salty
- balloon (/bəˈluːn/): n. 气球, *eg:*  Little balloon let out by the thread
- cottage (英/ˈkɒtɪdʒ/ 美/ˈkɑːtɪdʒ/): n. 村舍, *eg:*  flew over cottages and was very glad
- tease (/tiːz/): v. 嘲笑, *eg:*  don't tease the sparrow with his wound

# 28. Let's Help <font color=blue>Adolescents</font>

Whether they are male or female, <font color=blue>adolescents</font> feel like deciding on everything themselves in spite of parents' instruction.
Especially when they face problems like sex, <font color=blue>mental</font> stress, et al, which make them feel <font color=blue>ashamed</font> and embar<font color=red>r</font>assed.
Thus they often automatically get into troubles due to their imperfect comprehension and judg<font color=red>e</font>ment.
Some are <font color=blue>addicted</font> to cigar<font color=red>e</font>ttes.
Only several packets of which will hurt their lungs and make them breathless quickly.
Others can<font color=blue>'t</font> quit drinking alcoho<font color=red>l</font>, whose harmful effects include causing young pr<font color=red>e</font>gn<font color=red>a</font>nt women to <font color=blue>abort</font>, or give birth to abnormal babies.
The worst is drug abuse.
For the <font color=blue>withdrawal</font> is tough once their bodies <font color=blue>are accustomed</font> to the drugs.
Meanwhile, those who share <font color=blue>needles</font> <font color=blue>bought</font> from i<font color=red>l</font>legal ch<font color=red>e</font>mists are <font color=blue>at</font> great risk of being <font color=blue>infected</font> with desp<font color=red>e</font>r<font color=red>a</font>te AIDS.
If so, neither injecting nor taking pills can <font color=red>guarantee</font> their survival.
However, don't be disappointed <font color=blue>at</font>, or have <font color=blue>prejudice</font> against our children so easily.
After all, being <font color=blue>awkward</font> is <font color=blue>an</font> appendix of <font color=blue>youth</font>.
As long as we strengthen our communication with them, instead of only <font color=blue>banning</font> this or <font color=blue>banning</font> that, we will surely help them avoid anything <font color=blue>unfit</font>.

- adolescent (/ˌædəˈlesnt/): n. 青少年, *eg:*  adolescents feel like deciding on everything themselves in spite of parents' instruction
- addicted (/əˈdɪktɪd/): adj. 上瘾的, *eg:*  Some are addicted to cigarettes.
- abort (英/əˈbɔːt/ 美/əˈbɔːrt/): v. 流产, *eg:*  causing young pregnant women to abort
- withdrawal (/wɪðˈdrɔːəl/): n. 撤回, *eg:*  For the withdrawal is tough once their bodies are accustomed to the drugs.
- needle (/ˈniːdl/): n. 针, *eg:*  those who share needles bought from illegal chemists are at great risk of being infected with desperate AIDS
- prejudice (/ˈpredʒudɪs/): n. 偏见, *eg:*  have prejudice against our children so easily
- awkward (英/ˈɔːkwəd/ 美/ˈɔːkwərd/): adj. 难对付的, *eg:*  being awkward is an appendix of youth

# 29. Refresh Our Environment

As the director stated on behalf of <font color=green>his</font> researching group, the data of this graph makes <font color=green>a</font> clear presentation of the future environmental <font color=blue>tendency</font>.
On one hand, the quan<font color=red>t</font>ity of <font color=blue>fuel</font> keeps on decreasing by 9 percent per year, while the growth of <font color=green>a</font> wide range of pollution has been <font color=green>a</font> global trend.
On the other hand, the mildly but stead<font color=red>i</font>ly <font color=blue>going</font> up of the average temperature is resulting <font color=blue>catastrophes</font> like <font color=blue>widespread floods</font>.
Without disagreement, they subscribe to the view that it is human<font color=green>s'</font> existence and their randomly consuming energy that result <font color=green>in</font> this phenomenon.
Many people have a commitment that dev<font color=red>e</font>loping <font color=blue>nu</font>clear power or energy from outer space <font color=blue>will</font> stop bad consequences coming about.
However, scientists and educators are opposed to this view even if ours needs maybe <font color=blue>met</font> on the whole.
They tend to advocate refreshing our circum<font color=red>s</font>tances by saving energy and recycling waste.
It is suggested that we use energy-saving appl<font color=red>i</font>ances such as electrical <font color=blue>motors</font>, microwaves, and so on, and not be casual about little things, like recycling a can.
So please glance around and see what you can do.
So long as everybody makes contribution, we will not have to put up <font color=blue>with</font> this problem anymore.

- tendency (/ˈtendənsi/): n. 趋势, *eg:*  the data of this graph makes a clear presentation of the future environmental tendency
- fuel (/ˈfjuːəl/): n. 燃料, *eg:*  the quantity of fuel keeps on decreasing by 9 percent per year
- catastrophe (/kəˈtæstrəfi/): n. 灾难, *eg:*  the mildly but steadily going up of the average temperature is resulting catastrophes like widespread floods
- circumstance (英/ˈsɜːkəmstəns/ 美/ˈsɜːrkəmstæns/): n. 环境, *eg:*  They tend to advocate refreshing our circumstances by saving energy and recycling waste
- appliance (/əˈplaɪəns/): n. 器具, *eg:*  energy-saving appliances such as electrical motors, microwaves, and so on
  
# 30. A <font color=red>Volcano</font> Eruption

As the best candidate, I was appointed to collect an<font color=blue>d</font> evaluate information for <font color=green>a</font> database about diverse natural disasters, such as <font color=blue>hurricanes</font>, typhoons, or thunderstorms.
Sometimes I did this by giving out question<font color=red>n</font>air<font color=red>e</font>s to those who went through them, but sometimes I had to go through actual disasters myself.
The Musaki <font color=red>volcano</font> was one of them.
At that time, I <font color=blue>lived</font> in <font color=blue>a bungalow</font> along side the <font color=red>volcano</font> with a <font color=blue>novelist</font>, who came for the appreciation of its <font color=blue>e</font>ruption.
One day, when I was drawing diagrams on the balcony, and he was <font color=blue>bathing</font> inside, the <font color=red>volcano</font> erupted unexpectedly.
The ash <font color=blue>and</font> lava f<font color=red>o</font>untains shooting highly in th sky varied from fifty to one hund<font color=red>re</font>d meters in height.
It was absolutely fantastic.
I even noticed <font color=blue>a</font> rainbow appear in the <font color=blue>fog</font> caused by heat wave.
But, glancing through our surroundings, I foresaw the potential danger and found no <font color=red>guarantee</font> of our safety.
The uncomfortable gas almost made us uncon<font color=red>s</font>cious.
Sweats of <font color=blue>anxiety</font> began to drop.
Managing to stop <font color=blue>panicking</font> and <font color=blue>trembling</font>, we quickly put on our protective suits, <font color=blue>helmets</font>, and boots, and eventually made our way to a safe place.
How lucky we were, even though my precious equipment and documents were all burnt to the ground.

- hurricane (英/ˈhʌrɪkən/ 美/ˈhɜːrəkeɪn/): n. 飓风, *eg:*  natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons, or thunderstorms
- questionnaire (英/ˌkwestʃəˈneə(r)/ 美/ˌkwestʃəˈner/): n. 调查问卷, *eg:*  giving out questionnaires to those who went through them
- volcano (英/vɒlˈkeɪnəʊ/ 美/vɑːlˈkeɪnoʊ/): n. 火山, *eg:*  The Musaki volcano was one of them
- bungalow (英/ˈbʌŋɡələʊ/ 美/ˈbʌŋɡəloʊ/): n. 平房, *eg:*  I lived in a bungalow along side the volcano
- eruption (/ɪ'rʌpʃ(ə)n/): n. 喷发, *eg:*  who came for the appreciation of its eruption
- balcony (/ˈbælkəni/): n. 阳台, *eg:*  I was drawing diagrams on the balcony
- fountain (英/ˈfaʊntən/ 美/ˈfaʊntn/): n. 喷泉, *eg:*  lava fountains shooting highly in th sky
- fog (英/fɒɡ/ 美/fɑːɡ/): n. 雾, *eg:*  the fog caused by heat wave
- unconscious (英/ʌnˈkɒnʃəs/ 美/ʌnˈkɑːnʃəs/): adj. 无意识的, *eg:*  The uncomfortable gas almost made us unconscious
- anxiety (/æŋˈzaɪəti/): n. 焦虑, *eg:*  Sweats of anxiety began to drop
- panicking (/ˈpænɪkɪŋ/): v. (使)惊慌, panic的现在分词
- tremble (/ˈtrembl/): v. 颤抖, *eg:*  Managing to stop panicking and trembling
- helmet (/ˈhelmɪt/): n. 头盔, *eg:*  put on our protective suits, helmets, and boots

# 31. Defeat Disability

Yang<font color=blue>'s ambition</font> was to get an architect <font color=blue>certificate</font>, or become a <font color=blue>bowling</font> master.
But when he was conducting experiments with the microscope in the basement, a tank on the bench <font color=red>ex</font>ploded, sending him flying outwards through the exit.
He was out of breath, <font color=blue>while</font> knowing he lost his eyesight, as well as seventy percent of his hearing.
In other words, he was disabled.
Feeling <font color=blue>clumsy</font>, he was annoyed at first, though nobody made fun with him.
He cut out going outdoors and just s<font color=green>a</font>t around at home, talking to his parrot or <font color=blue>tortoise</font> <font color=red>si</font>lently.
His sister resign<font color=green>ed</font> to help him in many ways.
Her assist<font color=red>a</font>nce and encouragement were so beneficial to his <font color=blue>psychology</font> that he adapted to his disability soon, and became outgoing again.
In <font color=green>a</font> coll<font color=red>ege</font> accessible to him, he stud<font color=green>ied</font> politics and literature.
He always sat in the front row near the entry without any absen<font color=blue>ce and</font>,
with the help of his handy laptop, he studie<font color=green>d</font> well by means of dictation.
His <font color=blue>thesis</font>, abolishing sl<font color=red>a</font>very, met with all professors' approval.
After class, he and his companions often played <font color=blue>drum</font> music, which was noisy but suitable for his hearing.
After graduation, he made high profits by designing software for <font color=green>a</font> firm.
All in all, in his community, he won his dignity and people's congratulations.
He always wished all the best to his disabled fellows and encouraged them.
Never mind. All you have is ad<font color=red>e</font>quate to get your achievement.

- Yang's ambition (ambition /æmˈbɪʃn/ n. 志向) was to get an architect certificate (certificate 英/səˈtɪfɪkət , səˈtɪfɪkeɪt/ 美/sərˈtɪfɪkət , sərˈtɪfɪkeɪt/ n. 证书), or become a bowling (bowling 英/ˈbəʊlɪŋ/ 美/ˈboʊlɪŋ/ n. 保龄球) master.
- clumsy (/ˈklʌmzi/): adj. 笨拙的, *eg:*  Feeling clumsy, he was annoyed at first
- tortoise (英/ˈtɔːtəs/ 美/ˈtɔːrtəs/): n. 乌龟, *eg:*  talking to his parrot or tortoise silently
- psychology (英/saɪˈkɒlədʒi/ 美/saɪˈkɑːlədʒi/): n. 心理, *eg:*  Her assistance and encouragement were so beneficial to his psychology
- dictation (/dɪkˈteɪʃn/): n. 听写, *eg:*  he studied well by means of dictation
- thesis (/ˈθiːsɪs/): n. 毕业论文, *eg:*  His thesis, abolishing slavery
- dignity (/ˈdɪɡnəti/): n. 尊严, *eg:*  he won his dignity and people's congratulations
- adequate (/ˈædɪkwət/): adj. 充足的, *eg:*  All you have is adequate to get your achievement

# 32. Happy Marri<font color=red>a</font>ge needs Fighting for

As a talented <font color=blue>navy</font> officer, he was <font color=blue>bound</font> to be busy.
When his wife rang him up to decl<font color=red>are</font> her <font color=red>divorce</font> alarm, he was still scanning a digital counter to check the data so as to give an ass<font color=red>e</font>sment of the <font color=blue>theoretical</font> framework for a biochemical weapon.
His <font color=blue>junior</font> stuff<font color=blue>'s</font> sympathy made him feel embarrassed.
His wife was a part-time clerk.
With his high bonus, she lived in <font color=green>a</font> grand house with eleg<font color=red>a</font>nt <font color=blue>cushions and</font> bedding.
Her favor was reading stars' biographies or <font color=blue>absurd fictions</font> with endless chapters in her armchair.
People env<font color=red>i</font>ed her <font color=blue>leisure</font> life very much.
But in fact, she was tired of being left alone.
She sent e-mails to his mailbox every week to state her thinking and asked for his accompan<font color=red>i</font>ment, but never received reply of satisfaction.
Tired of his expl<font color=red>ana</font>tion that he must obey the orders, she <font color=blue>filed</font> for <font color=red>divorce</font>.
Because he desires to get <font color=blue>their holy affection</font> back, he set other affairs aside.
He trimmed his fingernails short, and changed his overweight figure as well as his awful haircut.
He wore an <font color=blue>apron</font> to prepare delicious <font color=blue>cuisine</font> for her.
He also bought her a <font color=blue>necklace</font> and <font color=blue>piles</font> of flowers hoping that <font color=blue>their receiver could</font> turn around.
After being tested out for three month in all, he eventually succeeded.

- be bound to: 注定, *eg:*  he was bound to be busy
- divorce (英/dɪˈvɔːs/ 美/dɪˈvɔːrs/): n. 离婚, *eg:*  his wife rang him up to declare her divorce alarm
- theoretical (英/ˌθɪəˈretɪkl/ 美/ˌθiːəˈretɪkl/): adj. 理论的, *eg:*  the theoretical framework for a biochemical weapon
- junior (英/ˈdʒuːniə(r)/ 美/ˈdʒuːniər/): adj. 地位(或职位、级别)低下的, *eg:*  His junior stuff's sympathy made him feel embarrassed
- clerk (英/klɑːk/ 美/klɜːrk/): n. 职员, *eg:*  His wife was a part-time clerk
- elegant (/ˈelɪɡənt/): adj. 优雅的
- cushion (/ˈkʊʃn/): n. 垫子, *eg:*  a grand house with elegant cushions
- absurd (英/əbˈsɜːd/ 美/əbˈsɜːrd/): adj. 荒谬的
- fiction (/ˈfɪkʃn/): n. 小说, *eg:*  absurd fictions with endless chapters
- leisure (英/ˈleʒə(r)/ 美/ˈliːʒər/): adj. 闲暇的, *eg:*  People envied her leisure life very much
- apron (/ˈeɪprən/): n. 围裙, *eg:*  He wore an apron to prepare delicious cuisine for her.
- cuisine (/kwɪˈziːn/): n. 菜肴
- necklace (/ˈnekləs/): n. 项链
- pile (/ˈeɪprən/): n. 一堆, *eg:*  piles of flowers

# 33. Mark and <font color=red>a Seal</font>

Mark rented <font color=blue>an accommodation</font> with his pension near the shore.
He paid annual visits there to enjoy the vivid beauty in the depth<font color=green>s</font> of the pure sea.
Once, with his underwater telescope and flashlight, Mark dived along the bound<font color=red>a</font>ry between the steep <font color=blue>reef</font> and the area of seaweed conservation.
Suddenly, an awesome <font color=blue>Antarctic</font> seal with sharp teeth appeared opposite him.
Every cell in his body was scared to death.
But soon he was aware that he wasn't the target of an attack.
With <font color=green>a</font> <font color=blue>neat</font> wound in its lip caused by a shark, this grey seal was washed upside down <font color=blue>by the tide</font> time after time.
But <font color=blue>it</font> tried to <font color=blue>jog</font> Mark as if to urge him to help it.
So Mark aband<font color=red>o</font>ned <font color=blue>fleeing</font> away.
With its teamwork, Mark used <font color=green>a</font> net to dr<font color=red>a</font>g the seal to the shallow water.
Without pausing, he helped it out after a simple operation and settled it in the narrow cave by the seaside.
Everytime he brought tasty fish, <font color=green>it</font> would <font color=blue>yell</font> and suck his hands happily.
<font color=blue>Witnesses said their anecdotes</font> reflected the magic dimension of the relationship between humans and animals.

- seal (/siːl/): n. 海豹
- accommodation (英/əˌkɒməˈdeɪʃn/ 美/əˌkɑːməˈdeɪʃn/): n. 住处, *eg:*  Mark rented an accommodation with his pension near the shore
- pension (英/ˈpenʃn , ˈpɒ̃sjɒ̃/ 美/ˈpenʃn , pɑːnsiˈoʊn/): n. 养老金
- flashlight (/ˈflæʃlaɪt/): n. 手电筒, *eg:*  with his underwater telescope and flashlight
- reef (/riːf/): n. 礁, *eg:*  the boundary between the steep reef
- Antarctica (英/ænˈtɑːktɪk/ 美/ænˈtɑːrktɪk/): n. 南极, *eg:*  an awesome Antarctic seal with sharp teeth
- jog (英/dʒɒɡ/ 美/dʒɑːɡ/): v. 轻撞, *eg:*  it tried to jog Mark
- flee (/fliː/): v. 逃走, *eg:*  So Mark abandoned fleeing away. 
- anecdote (英/ˈænɪkdəʊt/ 美/ˈænɪkdoʊt/): n. 轶事, *eg:*  their anecdotes reflected the magic dimension

# 34. Helping the Remote Vill<font color=red>age</font>.

A year ago, the famous <font color=blue>astronaut</font> received an invitation by airmail from a remote vill<font color=red>age</font>.
Intending to <font color=blue>sniff</font> some fresh air, he and his interp<font color=red>r</font>eter paid a <font color=blue>fortnight</font> visit there.
It was <font color=blue>a privilege</font> for them to be there, but they were shocked by what they saw.
The tracks were mud<font color=red>d</font>y, the river was drying up.
Most vill<font color=red>ager</font>s only <font color=blue>possessed</font> one broom, a few <font color=blue>tins</font>, and several jars,
and their rectangular grass <font color=blue>huts</font> with round angles <font color=blue>were</font> surrounded by weeds.
Besides, their school had no roof and platform.
And the students had no concept of <font color=blue>clicking</font> a computer at all.
They were badly in need.
Soon, the <font color=blue>astronaut</font> made a <font color=red>g</font>enerous voluntary donation to the vill<font color=red>age</font>.
There were textbooks for students, s<font color=red>e</font>wing machines for tailors, and tractors for farmers.
His distribution <font color=blue>catalogue</font> also included operating a clinic and a trunk library as well as giving weekly lessons to teach relevant farming knowledge like how to dry out seeds or raise oxen.
He himself not only help<font color=green>ed</font> to do some paperwork, but also purchase<font color=green>d</font> <font color=blue>grills</font> for boys to <font color=blue>toast</font> potato<font color=red>es</font> and <font color=blue>combs</font> for girls who were dying to get one.
The other day, he heared from the vill<font color=red>ager</font>s again inviting him to participate in the donation <font color=blue>anniversary</font>.
For political and security reasons, he couldn't ajust his outgoing arr<font color=red>an</font>gement, otherwise he would go.
But his deeds were remembe<font color=red>red</font> forever.

- astronaut (/ˈæstrənɔːt/): n. 宇航员, *eg:*  the famous astronaut received an invitation
- sniff (/snɪf/): v. 闻, *eg:*  Intending to sniff some fresh air
- interpreter (英/ɪnˈtɜːprətə(r)/ 美/ɪnˈtɜːrprətər/): n. 口译员, *eg:*  he and his interpreter paid a fortnight visit there
- fortnight (英/ˈfɔːtnaɪt/ 美/ˈfɔːrtnaɪt/): n. 两周
- privilege (/ˈprɪvəlɪdʒ/): n. 荣幸, *eg:*  It was a privilege for them to be there
- Most villagers only possessed (possess /pəˈzes/ v. 拥有) one broom (broom /bruːm/ n. 扫把), a few tins (tin /tɪn/ n. 罐头) and several jars (jar 英/dʒɑː(r)/ 美/dʒɑːr/ n. 罐子) and their rectangular grass huts (hut /hʌt/ n. 棚屋)
- sew (英/səʊ)/ 美/soʊ/): v. 缝纫, *eg:*  sewing machines for tailors
- tractor (英/ˈtræktə(r)/ 美/ˈtræktər/): n. 拖拉机, *eg:*  tractors for farmers
- catalogue (英/ˈkætəlɒɡ/ 美/ˈkætəlɔːɡ/): n. 目录, *eg:*  His distribution catalogue also included operating a clinic and a trunk library
- but also purchased grills (grill /ɡrɪl/ n. 烤架) for boys to toast (toast 英/təʊst/ 美/toʊst/ v. 烤) potatoes and combs (comb 英/kəʊm/ 美/koʊm/ n. 梳子) for girls who were dying to get one.

# 35. Study in America

Nan Nan' father runs <font color=green>an</font> <font color=blue>enterprise</font> near the <font color=blue>Ming Tombs</font> selling batteries and drills to the Daqing oilfield.
Hoping to get the qualification to help govern <font color=blue>it</font>, Nan Nan made much preparation and then left her motherland with her visa to study in America.
Having reached her destination, she settled in <font color=blue>an inn</font> recommended by the travel ag<font color=red>e</font>nt.
As far as Nan Nan was concerned, she always kept it up in China, but she had to acknowledge it was not easy to adjust herself to the new ac<font color=red>a</font>demic requirements, which were not parallel with China's.
Though she was occupied with lectures and seminars day in and day out, the <font color=blue>essays</font> she <font color=blue>drafted</font> were still contr<font color=red>a</font>dicted by her <font color=blue>tutors</font>.
As for her <font color=blue>routine</font> life, she <font color=blue>felt that</font> it was hard to fit in, too.
For example, she found English <font color=blue>idioms</font> difficult to understand.
And it was out of the question to eat delicious Chinese food<font color=green>s</font> though many optional cafeteria<font color=green>s</font> served abund<font color=red>a</font>nt substitutes.
In addition, she had to wait in <font color=blue>a queue</font> early for the minibus that took her to school, and it was usually so cold that she felt numb.
What bothered her most was that she received no apology when her sleeping was disturbed by a barking dog in a <font color=blue>shopkeeper's</font> cage.
Luckily, with her parents comforting her <font color=blue>by</font> videophone, she became <font color=blue>autonomous</font> soon and eventually got her bach<font color=red>e</font>lor<font color=green>'s</font> degree successfully.

- enterprise (英/ˈentəpraɪz/ 美/ˈentərpraɪz/): n. 企业, *eg:*  Nan Nan' father runs an enterprise
- tomb (/tuːm/): n. 坟墓, *eg:*  near the Ming Tombs
- inn (/ɪn/): n. 小旅馆, *eg:*  she settled in an inn recommended by the travel agent
- seminar (英/ˈsemɪnɑː(r)/ 美/ˈsemɪnɑːr/): n. 研讨会, *eg:*  she was occupied with lectures and seminars
- contradict (英/ˌkɒntrəˈdɪkt)/ 美/ˌkɑːntrəˈdɪkt/): v. 反驳, *eg:*  the essays she drafted were still contradicted by her tutors
- tutor (英/ˈtjuːtə(r)/ 美/ˈtuːtər/): n. 导师
- routine (/ruːˈtiːn/): adj. 日常的, *eg:*  As for her routine life
- idiom (/ˈɪdiəm/): n. 成语, *eg:*  she found English idioms difficult to understand
- queue (/kjuː/): n. 队列, *eg:*  she had to wait in a queue
- numb (/nʌm/): adj. 麻木的, *eg:*  it was usually so cold that she felt numb
- shopkeeper (英/ˈʃɒpkiːpə(r)/ 美/ˈʃɑːpkiːpər/): n. 店主, *eg:*  a barking dog in a shopkeeper's cage
- autonomous (英/ɔːˈtɒnəməs/ 美/ɔːˈtɑːnəməs/): adj. 自主的, *eg:*  she became autonomous soon
- bachelor (英/ˈbætʃələ(r)/ 美/ˈbætʃələr/): n. 学士, *eg:*  got her bachelor's degree

# 36. <font color=red>Immigrate</font> to America

Attracted by the boom in America, my nephew <font color=blue>teamed</font> up with <font color=blue>a Korean</font> to illegally cross the <font color=blue>Bering Strait</font> in <font color=green>the</font> Arctic to America.
To avoid the custom's punishment, they hid in a small <font color=blue>ferry</font> called the north <font color=blue>pole seagull</font>.
Sitting back to back without sleeping, sh<font color=red>o</font>wering, and shaving <font color=blue>for</font> three days, and had no chance to <font color=blue>mourn</font> their <font color=blue>lost</font> l<font color=red>u</font>ggage when landing.
The hard<font color=blue>ship</font> of this crossing was <font color=blue>apparent</font>.
At first, he made a living by means of raising ca<font color=red>tt</font>le, and then was hired in an aircraft <font color=blue>industries</font>.
He lived in <font color=blue>a Catholic</font> district.
Taking in <font color=blue>a</font> small percentage of <font color=blue>Pakistani</font> <font color=blue>immigrants</font>, the majority of the residents were from I<font color=red>t</font>aly and <font color=blue>Denmark</font>, who all kept up their customs and cultures.
Different blocks here were distinctly marked out and indicated from the racial angle.
It was unfair and needed reforming.
But with nowhere else to go, my nephew lived on and managed to make a life for himself.
My nephew's fortune came when he bravely helped a conductor <font color=blue>brake</font> a tram to stop it from <font color=blue>slipping</font> out of the <font color=blue>rails</font>.
The man was elected <font color=blue>vice</font> chairman of the socialist party later.
It occur<font color=red>r</font>ed my nephew that he could grasp this oppo<font color=red>r</font>tunity to ask for his help.
The man who was thankful helped him apply to the civil authority for the right <font color=blue>to live in</font> in America by inserting his brave deed into his documents.
Unlike a great many other applicants, his application was approved by the <font color=blue>federal</font> justice ministry.
Before long, he started his own <font color=blue>bakery</font> and lived a better life.

- nephew (/ˈnefjuː/): n. 外甥, *eg:*  my nephew teamed up with a Korean
- Korean (/kəˈriən/): n. 韩国人
- strait (/streɪt/): n. 海峡, *eg:*  cross the Bering Strait in the Arctic to America
- ferry (/ˈferi/): n. 渡船, *eg:*  they hid in a small ferry
- north pole seagull (/ˈsiːɡʌl/)：北极海鸥
- mourn (英/mɔːn)/ 美/mɔːrn/): v. 哀悼, *eg:*  mourn their lost luggage when landing
- hardship (英/ˈhɑːdʃɪp)/ 美/ˈhɑːrdʃɪp/): n. 困难, *eg:*  The hardship of this crossing was apparent
- industry (/ˈɪndəstri/): n. 工业, *eg:*  then was hired in an aircraft industries
- catholic (/ˈkæθlɪk/): adj. 天主教的, *eg:*  He lived in a Catholic district
- immigrate (/ˈɪmɪɡreɪt/): v. 移民, *eg:*  As for her routine life
- immigrant (/ˈɪmɪɡrənt/): n. 移民, *eg:*  a small percentage of Pakistani immigrants
- Pakistani (/ˌpækɪˈstɑːni/): n. 巴基斯坦人
- Denmark (英/ˈdenmɑːk)/ 美/ˈdenmɑːrk/): n. 丹麦
- he bravely helped a conductor (英/kənˈdʌktə(r))/ 美/kənˈdʌktər/ 列车长) brake (/breɪk/ 刹车) a tram (/træm/ 有轨电车) to stop it from slipping (slip /slɪp/ 滑离) out of the rails.
- vice (/vaɪs/): adj. 副的, *eg:*  The man was elected vice chairman
- federal (/ˈfedərəl/): adj. 联邦的, *eg:*  the federal justice ministry
- bakery (/ˈbeɪkəri/): n. 面包店, *eg:*  he started his own bakery

# 37. Be Careful about Cloning

After a series of initial experiments and corrections, the scientist's hard work paid off when the twin clone turke<font color=green>y</font>s were hatched with normal feather and <font color=blue>claws</font>.
This breakthrough possibily enabled people to bring their <font color=blue>adored</font> pets back to life.
However, it bothered him from time to time that their health was in poor condition because they were unable to resist illnesses.
This drawback cast him down.
<font color=red>Merely</font> two weeks later, the clones and their carrier died, which <font color=blue>struck</font> fr<font color=red>u</font>str<font color=red>a</font>tion into his heart.
He retired before he <font color=blue>attained</font> his ambition, and became a member of <font color=blue>an opera chorus</font> to <font color=blue>relieve</font> his depression.
Shortly afterwards, the media published a conservative argument objecting to cloning owing to moral problems, and suggested the constitution include <font color=blue>compulsory</font> regulations to forbid obtaining commercial profits <font color=blue>from</font> cloning.
When interviewed, the scientist stared <font color=blue>at</font> the decorations on the ceiling, thinking for a while, and then said,
`` I'm not in favor of any arbit<font color=red>r</font>ary assumption, but undertaking cloning does differ from the straightforward <font color=blue>procedure</font> making <font color=blue>loafs</font> out of <font color=blue>flour</font>.
Until we accum<font color=red>u</font>late enough exact knowledge, any practice is in vain and is <font color=red>bound</font> to fail.
<font color=red>Al</font>together, <font color=blue>being</font> more careful <font color=blue>is</font> reasonable, or we may walk into a side road. ''

- the twin clone turkeys were hatched (hatch /hætʃ/ 孵化) with normal feather and claws (claw /klɔː/ 爪子).
- adore (英/əˈdɔː(r))/ 美/əˈdɔːr/): v. 热爱, *eg:*  bring their adored pets back to life
- cast down (英/kɑːst daʊn)/ 美/kæst daʊn/): 使沮丧
- struck (/strʌk/): v. 碰撞, strike的过去分词和过去式
- chorus (/ˈkɔːrəs/): n. 合唱团, *eg:*  became a member of an opera chorus
- relieve (/rɪˈliːv/): v. 缓解, *eg:*  relieve his depression
- constitution (英/ˌkɒnstɪˈtjuːʃn)/ 美/ˌkɑːnstɪˈtuːʃn/): 宪法
- compulsory (/kəmˈpʌlsəri/): adj. 强制性的, *eg:*  the constitution include compulsory regulations
- the straightforward procedure (英/prəˈsiːdʒə(r))/ 美/prəˈsiːdʒər/ 步骤) making loafs (loaf 英/ləʊf)/ 美/loʊf/ 面包) out of flour (英/ˈflaʊə(r)/ 美/ˈflaʊər/ 面粉)

# 38. Strange Patent Applications

I set about working in the current patent office after resigning from <font color=blue>the court personnel</font>.
Competent and dynamic, I never feel passive while diving into the identifications of whether applications are valid and practical according to the new version of the <font color=blue>criteria</font>.
With the expectation of distinguishing their own importance, some people leave the <font color=blue>beaten</font> track, and <font color=blue>file</font> strange products with us now and then.
For example, <font color=blue>lantern that</font> can be attached on your forehead, cubic <font color=blue>walnuts</font>, <font color=red>refrigerator</font> made of <font color=blue>straw</font> and glue, perfume that nobody can bear to smile, and so on.
Once, a man made a triangle helicopter out of <font color=blue>stainless</font> wires and string.
He called us up, and <font color=blue>merrily</font> claimed that it was <font color=blue>stable</font> and <font color=red>convinent</font> to use, and never out of order.
I asked him to hang on, but this <font color=blue>innocent</font> man just <font color=blue>rang</font> off and set out to fly from his <font color=blue>courtyard</font>.
I <font color=blue>dialed</font> his number <font color=blue>in the</font> direct<font color=red>o</font>ry trying to ring him back, but never got through.
Merc<font color=red>i</font>ful God blessing, <font color=blue>an abrupt freezing</font> rainfall made his <font color=blue>powder</font> wet.
Luckily, the trouble was without any exten<font color=red>s</font>ion except that he crashed into a <font color=blue>greengrocer's</font>, making all the ripe fruits become messy jam.
When people <font color=blue>seized</font> this crasy man with caution, and sobered him by tapping his face, he complained about the bad weather, instead of associating his failure with his unscientific design.

- personnel (英/ˌpɜːsəˈnel/ 美/ˌpɜːrsəˈnel/): n. 人事部门, *eg:*  resigning from the court (英/kɔːt)/ 美/kɔːrt/ 法院) personnel
- competent (英/ˈkɒmpɪtənt/ 美/ˈkɑːmpɪtənt/): adj. 称职的, *eg:*  Competent and dynamic
- criteria (英/kraɪ'tɪəriə/ 美/kraɪ'tɪriə/): n. 标准, criterion的复数, *eg:*  according to the new version of the criteria
- beaten (/ˈbiːtn/): adj. 被压实的, *eg:*  beaten track 惯例
- lantern (英/ˈlæntən/ 美/ˈlæntərn/ 灯笼) that can be attached on your forehead, cubic walnuts (/ˈwɔːlnʌt/ 核桃), refrigerator made of straw (/strɔː/ 稻草) and glue
- stainless (/steɪnləs/): adj. 不锈钢的, *eg:*  stainless wires and string
- merrily (/ˈmerəli/): adv. 快乐地, *eg:*  and merrily claimed that it was stable and convinent to use
- innocent (/ˈɪnəsnt/): adj. 天真的, *eg:*  this innocent man just rang off
- courtyard (英/ˈkɔːtjɑːd/ 美/ˈkɔːrtjɑːrd/): n. 庭院, *eg:*  set out to fly from his courtyard
- dial (/ˈdaɪəl/): v. 拨打, *eg:*  I dialed his number in the directory (/dəˈrektəri/ 号码簿)
- an abrupt (/əˈbrʌpt/ 突然的) freezing rainfall made his powder (英/ˈpaʊdə(r)/ 美/ˈpaʊdər/ 火药) wet
- greengrocer (英/ˈɡriːnɡrəʊsə(r)/ 美/ˈɡriːnɡroʊsər/): n. 蔬菜水果商, *eg:*  he crashed into a greengrocer's
- ripe (/raɪp/): adj. 成熟的, *eg:*  making all the ripe fruits become messy jam
- seize (/siːz/): v. 抓住, *eg:*  people seized this crasy man with caution
- sober (英/ˈsəʊbə(r)/ 美/ˈsoʊbər/): v. 使变得冷静, *eg:*  sobered him by tapping his face

# 39. Pro<font color=red>nun</font>ciation and Status

An <font color=blue>ambassador</font> and <font color=blue>a referee</font> were consulting a professor on <font color=blue>the</font> caption of <font color=blue>a Buddhistic</font> alphabet,
when a sobbing woman stopped them to sell <font color=blue>an antique</font> musi<font color=red>cal</font> <font color=blue>bathtub</font>.
Her dirty <font color=blue>garment</font> <font color=blue>and</font> the <font color=blue>handkerchief</font> around her <font color=blue>waist</font> were badly in need of senting to a laundry.
The <font color=blue>ambassador</font> uncomfortably gave her a handful of <font color=blue>pence</font> from his wallet and said,
‘Take this fortune away, troublesome woman.’
When her <font color=blue>figure</font> faded away, the brill<font color=red>ia</font>nt professor said,
‘You <font color=blue>are</font> mistaken <font color=blue>and your</font> inproper remake on her should be cond<font color=red>e</font>mned.
In terms of this extr<font color=red>aor</font>dinary woman, you can't classify her status by her horrible cloth<font color=green>es</font> or disgusting nails.
<font color=blue>Her</font> clean woolen <font color=blue>vest</font> and <font color=blue>stocking</font>, esp<font color=red>e</font>cially her classic pronunciation, all suggested her upper status.’
The <font color=blue>ambassador</font> gave a w<font color=red>h</font>istle in amazement, and <font color=blue>advised</font> making her <font color=blue>acquaintance</font>.
The professor hesitated for a while, then compromised.
The outcome was that she was an <font color=blue>authentic</font> superior police officer.
When they were shown in her office and saw her once more, she brought them a <font color=blue>teapot</font> of tea and some cookies, laughing and saying,
‘I <font color=blue>rubbed</font> some cream <font color=blue>and wax on</font> my garment, and pass<font color=green>ed</font> myself off as a shabby woman among thie<font color=green>ve</font>s and robbers to investigate a plot.
Generally speaking, you<font color=green>r</font> overloooking me <font color=blue>and</font> my adaptation are <font color=blue>the</font> best help, but my pronunciation seemed to have <font color=blue>betrayed</font> me.’

- ambassador (英/æmˈbæsədə(r)/ 美/æmˈbæsədər/): n. 大使
- referee (/ˌrefəˈriː/): n. 裁判
- Buddhistic (/ˈbʊdɪstɪc/): adj. 佛教的, *eg:*  the caption of a Buddhistic alphabet
-  a sobbing (sob 英/sɒb/ 美/sɑːb/ 啜泣) woman stopped them to sell an antique (/ænˈtiːk/ 古老的) musical bathtub (英/ˈbɑːθtʌb/ 美/ˈbæθtʌb/ 浴缸)
-  Her dirty garment (英/ˈɡɑːmənt/ 美/ˈɡɑːrmənt/ 服装) and the handkerchief (英/ˈhæŋkətʃɪf/ 美/ˈhæŋkərtʃɪf/ 手帕) around her waist (/weɪst/ 腰)
- pence (/pens/): n. 便士, penny的复数, *eg:*  a handful of pence from his wallet
- condemn (/kənˈdem/): v. 谴责, *eg:*  your inproper remake on her should be condemned
- Her clean woolen vest (/vest/ 背心) and stocking (英/ˈstɒkɪŋ/ 美/ˈstɑːkɪŋ/ 长筒女袜)
- acquaintance (/əˈkweɪntəns/): n. 相识, *eg:*  advised making her acquaintance
- authentic (/ɔːˈθentɪk/): adj. 真正的, *eg:*   she was an authentic superior police officer
- teapot (英/ˈtiːpɒt/ 美/ˈtiːpɑːt/): n. 茶壶, *eg:*   a teapot of tea
- I rubbed (rub /rʌb/ 抹) some cream and wax (/wæks/ 蜡) on my garment
- shabby (/ˈʃæbi/): adj. 破烂的, *eg:*   passed myself off as a shabby woman
- plot (英/plɒt/ 美/plɑːt/): n. 阴谋, *eg:*   investigate a plot
- betray (/bɪˈtreɪ/): v. 背叛, *eg:*   my pronunciation seemed to have betrayed me

# 40. A <font color=blue>Sly</font> Murder

When giving a lecture about the significance <font color=blue>of punctuation</font>,
the ac<font color=red>a</font>demic professor was inter<font color=red>r</font>upted and <font color=red>ar</font>rested by the police for murdering his wife, a receptionist of <font color=blue>a kindergarten</font>.
The police found some photos he deleted from the E-<font color=blue>album</font> showing that <font color=green>they</font> used have a gay life.
But, fed up with her <font color=blue>wrinkled</font> face, he murdered her instead of <font color=red>divorc</font>ing her to avoid <font color=red>for</font>tune devision.
He cut up a kind of seashell with a sharpen<font color=red>ed</font> knife and ha<font color=red>m</font>mered it into <font color=blue>powder</font> on a <font color=blue>skateboard</font>,
and made at most one gram which was enough to accelerate one's <font color=blue>pulse</font> until he or she dies.
This kind of poison can date back to 10000 BC when people rubbed it on spears to kill beasts.
The professor <font color=blue>mixed</font> the poison with onion, waterm<font color=red>e</font>lon, and yog<font color=red>u</font>rt for his wife.
<font color=blue>Howling</font> and <font color=blue>scratching</font> her chest, she felt dizzy and died soon.
After <font color=blue>tentative</font> examination, the police assume<font color=green>d</font> she died of <font color=blue>heart</font> disease.
But <font color=blue>systematic botanical analyses</font> show<font color=green>ed</font> that the waterm<font color=red>e</font>lon spit on the m<font color=red>e</font>ssy <font color=blue>mat and the quilt</font> was poison<font color=red>ous</font>.
Regradless of exhaustion and starv<font color=red>a</font>tion, the acute and skillful policeman use<font color=green>d</font> radioactive equipment to make sure the category of the poison.
<font color=blue>Primitive</font> and not ample as their <font color=blue>alternative</font> equipment was,
they got perfect accuracy somehow.
People <font color=blue>applauded</font> the police and the woman's family can look ahead with relief now.

- sly (/slaɪ/): adj. 狡猾的, *eg:*   A Sly Murder
- punctuation (/ˌpʌŋktʃuˈeɪʃn/): n. 标点符号, *eg:*   the significance of punctuation
- arrest (/əˈrest/): v. 逮捕, *eg:*   the academic professor was interrupted and arrested by the police
- kindergarten (英/ˈkɪndəɡɑːtn/ 美/ˈkɪndərɡɑːrtn/): n. 幼儿园, *eg:*   a receptionist of a kindergarten
- album (/ˈælbəm/): n. 相册, *eg:*   some photos he deleted from the E-album
- gay (/ɡeɪ/): adj. 愉快的, *eg:*   they used have a gay life
- feed up with: 对...厌烦, *eg:*   fed up with her wrinkled (/ˈrɪŋkld/ adj. 有皱纹的) face
- spear (英/spɪə(r)/ 美/spɪr/): n. 矛, *eg:*   people rubbed it on spears to kill beasts
- howl (/haʊl/): v. 怒号, *eg:*   Howling and scratching her chest
- dizzy (/ˈdɪzi/): adj. 头晕的, *eg:*   she felt dizzy and died soon
- tentative (/ˈtentətɪv/): adj. 暂定的, *eg:*   tentative examination
- systematic (/ˌsɪstəˈmætɪk/ adj. 系统的) botanical (/bəˈtænɪkl/ adj. 植物学的) analyses
- the watermelon spit on the messy mat (/mæt/ n. 垫子) and the quilt (/kwɪlt/ n. 被子) was poisonous.
- primitive (/ˈprɪmətɪv/): adj. 原始的, *eg:*   Primitive and not ample as their alternative equipment was
- applaud (/əˈplɔːd/): v. 鼓掌, *eg:*   People applauded the police